Passion Project:-

                                                               COOKING APP

OVERVIEW:-
          This project contains a app which name is cooking app. Since cooking is my passion so I select this app as my project.There are many ideas genrated in discussion on this app after that I tried to arrange these ideas in following way. This app is not about only knowing the recipe of any food item but it is the app where we can search the special cuisine of different distric in different states. In this app people can go through a particular place and can get their's style of cooking, ingredients they use and also the recipe of that food itm whic is famous. This app also about to give some small-small trick to keep our food safe and long last also to how we can make our food more tasty by adding different ingredients. Nowadays we can see in many cooking shows that there is no such kind of dish prepaired before but they use different food items and make somthing new and innovative dish and that is the interesting a strong point which I can use as a feature to this app.So that if some people are really passionate about cooking they prepaire something innovative and share the recipe of it and if possible user can give credit to that recipe or some like,dislike and some comments can be done.So this is the idea of my project all about.


TECHNIQES REQUIRE:-
            		Controller Language - Java / Python ( Preferably Java due to faster processing )
			Web application framework - Spring ( Java ) / Django 1.8 ( Python ) [ To be decided ]
			Database ( SQL-based ) [Initial stage ] - PostGRE sql
               		( NoSQL based ) [ Later stage ] - Cassandra
			Front end - HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, AJAX, jQuery, Bootstrap , Angular
			App development - Android studio  , Windows app studio, iOS SDK + Xcode   

LIMITATION:-
		In this app desgin idea there are many limitation which I need tothink about:-
           1. Collecting the data regarding special food of different states could be a huge slot of data which is difficult to collect.
           2. This app is not for upload the video.
	   3. It should have something more to iteresting features.


USER SATISFACTION:-
 			For this app the thing which is useful to satisfy or to conveyance the user is the feature which is gives recipe for not asusual food item but something different.They can get the image of it to see how this food looks like.

FINAL DILEVERABLE:- ideas in progress.........
  
